Can the worst possible Bulbasaur beat
the entire game of Pokémon Yellow on
zero DVs, minimum battles, and with no
TMs?
This is the first in a three-part series
where we're going to be looking at
Bulbasaur, Ivysaur, and Venusaur in
order to see which one is actually the
most optimized for beating the entire
game of Pokémon Yellow without any TMs,
and which one can get the best final
score on my tier list. Now, a lot of you
folks will know I already did Bulbasaur.
It was my first full game solo run in
Pokémon Yellow, but that one we used the
toxic leech seed double team strat that
was completely broken. That would get a
really low score on my current rules, so
let's try this one again with fewer
broken moves and see if we can beat the
entire game without a single optional
battle.
Let's get into it.
Save. Let's get into the rival one
fight.
And this is one of these special cases
where we've talked about it many times
before, but Bulbasaur to even have a
chance to get through on minimum battles
basically has to lose this fight.
That's the only way that it has any shot
whatsoever because
it will level up two levels off of the
um bug catcher in Viridian Forest.
But, if it beats rival one, it will be
at level six when it gets there, so it
will level up straight to level eight.
But, in Gen 1, if you level up two or
more levels in a single fight and you
level up past the level to get a brand
new move, you don't learn the move. So,
going straight from level six to level
eight on that Viridian City bug catcher
means that Bulbasaur will not learn
leech seed.
Leech seed is incredibly incredibly
incredibly important in this one because
if you do not have a leech seed, you
have zero chance of beating Brock. And
even with leech seed, we're going to see
that it's not like this is a great
chance of beating Brock.
Um it's it's pretty bad, to be honest.
Just for this one, that's what we're
going for.
So, here against this Bug Catcher, I
actually think we want to growl at it a
couple times to reduce its damage
output.
Now, we have to just kind of hope that
he's not a savage, and he is.
So, Bulbasaur, same level as Alakazam,
has trouble beating a Caterpie. Which
Come on. Come on, Bulbasaur. I believe
in you.
There we go.
We level up and get Leech Seed.
But, if you guys will recall in the
Ivysaur video on minimum battles, like
Brock is pretty tough for an Ivysaur.
It's It's not a situation where you're
just coming in here and you're like, I
has Leech Seed and I win. That is the
case in Pokémon Red and Blue. In Pokémon
Red and Blue, because the Geodude is two
levels higher and it uses Defense Curl,
you can actually or two damage per turn
instead of one damage per turn from
Leech Seed, but it's also the fact that
it uses Defense Curl, which gives you a
50% chance it won't use Tackle,
and that's a chance that you can just
heal for a turn as opposed to getting
hit.
So, let's try Brocky boy. This is going
to be pain.
So, we have to lead off with Growl,
and we really want that
miss
if we can get it.
Like the best run here would be one
where he misses turn one
with Tackle, which is a 5% chance.
Should happen. We We can just see based
on this.
We're not going to get through with a
Bulbasaur anytime soon. Now, I have done
it before.
Did it way back when I did the 0 DVs
minimum battles Bulbasaur,
but the point is
that Bulbasaur would not have passed my
current rule set.
It It It just wouldn't have passed. It
It would have actually failed
in that challenge.
So, we just give up on minimum battles,
right?
Well, not so fast.
I think I have an idea
that will allow our Bulbasaur to at
least have a chance on minimum battles.
In Gen 2, by breeding
with any of these Pokémon,
it is possible for
Bulbasaur to get pedal dance as an egg
move.
Now, this isn't 100% legitimate. We
would be trading back a Bulbasaur from
Gen 2, but this would be a level five
Bulbasaur. And its other moves on its
move set would be tackle and growl, same
as in Gen 1.
So, we would just be getting a Bulbasaur
that's freshly hatched
that has pedal dance at level five.
Now, it's going to gain XP at a faster
rate because it's a traded Pokémon, but
it's also going to have disobedience
issues.
And that could be incredibly interesting
because
disobedience means that it's actually
quite a bit more likely to not attack
than to attack, and this could cause a
ton of resets.
But, pedal dance will solve the problem
of beating Brock on minimum battles.
There we go. Okay.
That's what we needed. So, here we're
going to start off by growling a bunch
at this Caterpie.
And now we're going for a pedal dance,
and we're hoping not to hit ourselves in
confusion.
String Shot. No. Okay, he wrecked us. We
need two pedal dances here.
Okay, and there we go. Okay, we get
through and we level up to level seven,
so we learn Leech Seed. Perfect.
This is perfect. No problems here. We
have one reset on the Caterpie,
but we're still better than Alakazam in
that regard.
But now we have to take on Brock, and
here's the deal.
We're coming in at level seven.
One pedal dance already gets us to level
10. Fortunately, we're already using
pedal dance, so we'll always use it the
next turn. And now we level up to level
12. We're one level higher than we
normally would be
on minimum battles
because of the boosted XP.
But we also will see very soon here that
disobedience is going to be a major
issue in this one.
So, yeah.
He He used leech seed instead. I'm
trying to use tackle here, and this
Bulbasaur is not cooperating at all.
Here, let's try to leech seed this one.
Nope, he wants to use tackle.
Okay, there we go.
We finally got leech seed on this one,
and now we're using pedal dance. Okay.
Now we could learn vine whip, but I'm
not going to. Pedal dance is way, way
stronger.
And uh we just used growl. We just hit
ourselves in confusion. Okay, if we
finally take that one down.
But we can see already that uh we're
about to run into some issues here with
disobedience.
But the faster rate of XP is going to
make a pretty big difference in this
one, and we're going to get to see like
what would
you know, 1.5 times XP do for our
levels.
Now, I kind of want to growl at this
one.
And leech seed is disabled, so we can't
use it.
And we get wrecked.
Let's see if we can just pedal dance and
take this one down.
Okay, pedal dance, pedal dance.
Okay, we knocked that one out.
He used tackle instead.
Okay, and we get through. Okay, we get
through the super nerd. Nice.
Okay.
This is actually like really, really
lucky at this point. We're all the way
up to level 17.
We're about to take on Jessie and James
and this could be a wall, guys. This
could be a serious wall.
So, we're slower than Ekans. Okay, we
used growl and tackle instead of pedal
dance.
Okay, now pedal dance will take that one
down.
We flinched, but we didn't one shot on
the
Meowth, but
yeah, this is not going to be an easy
fight by any means. Okay, pedal dance.
Okay, we get a bunch of growls from
Meowth.
And the like that's the best Meowth luck
we could ever get with him just using
growl over and over again.
Okay, he used leaf seed instead. Now,
pedal dance.
Okay, we take down Meowth.
Still on good health.
We use pedal dance. Yes. Yes. Oh, there
we go. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, okay,
okay. We finally
finally get through that one and we're
all the way up to level 19.
So, here's what we need to do.
We need to get rid of this disobedience
as soon as possible.
And the way to do this is of course to
beat Misty. That will have us be good
until level 30.
So, first things first, we need the luck
here.
We need obedience.
And we get confused. It's not quite a
one-hit. It's probably a range on this
uh Goldeen.
And we get wrecked twice. We're already
up to 40 resets on this.
But
Okay.
Okay, just hit yes. Yes.
And we are not going to learn Poison
Powder. Nobody needs Poison Powder. No.
Nobody needs Poison Powder.
Okay. So,
I'm enjoying myself. I hope you guys are
enjoying this when you watch this.
Because uh yeah, Gen 2 trade back sounds
great in theory. In practice, it's so
terrible.
Okay, but we use
Petal Dance here on Misty.
And now we just need to land any hit and
we're going to win. Oh, there we go.
There we go. So, we level up, but now we
also have guaranteed obedience until
level 30.
Very, very important.
Because
that that has us in a good situation
where until level 30, we don't have to
worry about anything.
But we're not that far away. We're
already at level 22.
So, here I'm going to definitely growl
on this Spearow.
And now use Petal Dance. And Petal Dance
wrecks there. Good.
But we get wrecked. Okay.
Okay, we get Petal Dance there.
Petal Dance continues and we take down
Rival 3 or Rival 2, sorry. Finally, we
take down Rival 2.
We're all the way up to level 23 though.
And I'm scared. I do not want to hit
level 30 before Rival 3. We still have
to fight three trainers before him
though. And that's what makes this
scary.
Oh god.
Oh, I haven't had this much fun playing
in quite a while, though. This is
stupid. Okay, we've reached the level to
learn razor leaf,
which I'm going to learn over growl.
Razor leaf is good because it creates
the situation where we can, at least,
hit with a strong move without having to
have the potential of getting KO'd
by ourselves.
So,
and we're three levels away, so I think
we're going to get there. I think we're
going to get to rival three without
without nonsense.
But fingers crossed.
Here razor leaf is doing decent damage.
Okay, and that's a crit.
And that's a crit, cool.
See, the crit from razor leaf probably
make it the stronger move in a lot of
cases.
Okay, we've leveled up to level 28.
Good, good. We're not going to hit level
30 before rival three. This is important
to note.
We're getting pretty darn close, but
we're not going to hit level
level 30. So,
I I'm calling this a a bit of a win
right here.
Now, in the optimizing run, we may get
body slam here, and we will definitely
get an extra rare candy.
I don't think we need to heal. Let's
just get into this. Let's find out.
So, here it's not quite a one-hitter on
Spearow with razor leaf. That is a
one-hitter. That is a one-hitter.
And here that is a one-hitter, perfect.
And we're only at level 29, so we have
one more level before we're going to
become disobedient.
Oh god.
Here, petal dance.
We'll take that one down. No, we've
leveled up. No. No.
Now we're going to be disobedient
against this.
Uh
And it used petal dance instead of
tackle. Rip.
And now we're confused. And
Now it uses petal dance again
cuz it just doesn't care.
He's like, I don't listen to you.
I don't need none of your nonsense.
Okay, we we just need to land like one
more hit. Okay, there we go. There we
go. Okay.
So, it's time to dig out.
The The minimum battles dream is still
alive, guys. This is all that matters.
The minimum battles dream is still
alive.
And from here, I mean, XP curves are
exponential and we will
after we get through the rock tunnel
hiker, we have finished half of the
battles in the game. Okay?
That's what That's what we have to look
forward to.
Is once we beat this guy, we have
finished half the battles in the game.
I'm going for petal dance.
We got it on the first turn and that
means that we are just going to wreck
everything.
Because once we start petal dance, it
will not be disobedient in the middle of
petal dance. That is the strat right
there.
Oh god.
And we have to beat Erika
to have any shot of like getting
obedience back, basically.
But this might be the point where levels
are more important because we we just
need to survive long enough.
Okay, we use petal dance. Here we wake
up. We're just thrashing
and we managed to use Pedal Dance again.
Okay, that worked. That worked.
Um
but we're not going to take on Erika
yet, I don't think. I don't think we can
get through her.
I think we really need something like
Growth
at level 34 to even have a shot at
getting through Erika. Now on to
Lieutenant Surge. Let's see how this
goes.
My strategy is Pedal Dance.
And we're loafing around. Oh, Pedal
Dance hit. Oh, there we go. We get
through Lieutenant Surge on the first
attempt. Rip.
You are no match for me.
Even if I only hit
like 10% of the time, you're no match
for me.
Okay, so time for the Rocket Game
Corner.
Oh god, I didn't want to use Pedal
Dance. No.
Oh god, rip.
Tackle. Okay. Oh, thank god. And now we
get to learn Growth.
And this is the spot where I think I
learn Growth over Razor Leaf because
Pedal Dance is stronger
in terms of base power.
And Pedal Dance will work with Growth.
So we're going to keep Pedal Dance on
our move set and we're going to instead
just uh
do that.
Let's try on this Rocket grunt right
here.
So the strategy, going for Growth, use
Leech Seed instead. We got one Growth
off.
He turned away.
Okay, we used Growth again.
Now we've got two growths and we use
Pedal Dance.
Oh yes, Pedal Dance is doing so much
more damage there.
So if we can just get enough of
obedience to set up a couple growths, I
think we just start sweeping through
things.
Jesse and James.
So, I'm going to set up growth first.
I'm going for like three growths here.
Come on, petal dance. Yes. Yes, one hit.
Yes, one hit. Yes, one hit.
That's exactly what I was looking for,
guys.
So, Giovanni, he should be just a matter
of using petal dance, I think.
Okay, that's a one-hitter.
That's a one-hitter.
And we just need to land another hit.
No. Okay, let's see if we can get a
couple growths on this Onix.
Nope, it just used petal dance instead.
It was like, rip.
Oh, but we get the four-turn petal
dance. There we go. There we go. Okay.
With one growth and a four-turn petal
dance, we get through that fight.
Okay, now we have to go fight rival
four. And my goal, my hope, is to use
growth
and then go into petal dance.
Okay, we used leech seed. That's nice.
Unfortunately here, if we're loafing
around or ignoring orders, we're just
going to heal up.
And petal dance won't do much to us
anyway, so we can just take that one
down.
Oh, but he has Vulpix because this is
the Vaporeon team.
Bricky, you savage.
I I we're at full health, too. Okay.
Well,
we need the growths is what we need.
Like, we don't mind mirror move growth.
And now we use pedal dance.
Okay, we use pedal dance again.
Okay, we get wrecked there. We really
need growth so that we are more
resistant to
the whatchamacallit from
to the embers from uh
good old uh Vulpix there.
Okay.
Okay, pedal dance takes that one down.
Pedal dance takes that one down. Pedal
takes that one down. And there we go. We
finally get through rival four.
We're on 53 resets, guys, up to this
point in the game.
Okay. We are making progress.
I do not think this is going to be an
S-tier Pokémon given that
Ivysaur had uh 75 resets in its first
run.
Here, this should just be pedal dance.
There we go. Marowak goes down.
Now Jessie and James time.
And I think we need to growth
a couple times at least. And now try to
pedal dance.
Okay, we did manage to growth into pedal
dance,
but it's just not enough, guys.
Not enough.
And we kind of like when Arbok just uses
poison sting since it's so weak.
So, I don't know, guys. This might be a
spot where
the best play is to try to take on
Erika.
Let's just try this.
We're at a higher level.
And I think if we pump rare candies,
let's just see this. We have four rare
candies. Which is enough to get to level
41 where we could then, in theory at
least, put an opponent to sleep with
sleep powder.
So, we're going to forget leech seed in
exchange for sleep powder.
And now try to go and take on Erika.
Because if we take on Erika and we beat
her, then we're going to reach
or then we're going to be obedient to
level 50.
Right?
And this may be the play that allows us
to actually get through this. So,
let's try.
No promises that this is going to be
good at all. But, uh
okay, we get sleep powder. Turn one on
Tangela.
Okay, we get sleep powder again.
And it used
tackle instead. Okay, we get sleep
powder again.
We're
Okay, and we used petal dance. We're on
three
the
uh special boosts so far.
Okay, and we just get knocked out by
acid.
Like I I just really think what we need
is to get the luck where we are
able to put this one to sleep.
This one's not going well.
Okay, used sleep powder instead.
They and we're not getting through on
this one, I don't think.
Rip. Reset.
Ah, come on. Come on, Bulbasaur.
Use growth instead.
We're just trying to put this one to
sleep.
And if
he's like, "I'm going to go to sleep. I
don't want to put this one to sleep. I
want to go to sleep." Oh god.
Okay.
We now actually have all of the growth
set up. So, at least we're doing decent
damage with
um
pedal dance when we use it. But now our
goal Oh, we used pedal dance. Rip.
Oh, and we finally get through Erika. Oh
my god. It was disobedient used pedal
dance, but at least we had six
uh growth set up. We got through with
six HP remaining after 118 resets. But
but now this Bulbasaur will actually be
obedient until level 50.
Oh god, that was bad, guys.
So, we're We're in A tier right now. We
are not going to make S tier with this
one.
Um
and that's fine.
We're going to come back. We're going to
optimize and we won't need uh
pedal dance in that one, I don't think.
So,
this is going to be fine.
Oh god.
The optimizing run for this is going to
be so much smoother than this because
what we're going to do, we're going to
take a couple optional battles before
Brock to make him possible just with a
leaf seed.
But yeah, we're going to take some
optional battles before Brock to make
that section manageable. Same for before
Jessie and James in Mount Moon. So there
are going to be some optional battles at
the start. Then we're going to get body
slam and the extra rare candy in Silph
or in the SS Anne, sorry.
And then we should be pretty much
cruising until we get swords dance
is the plan for the optimizing run. So
here, we are now obedient, so we can set
up
properly
on this team.
Go back to sleep.
Let's finish our growth spam.
Now petal dance wrecks there.
Wrecks there.
And wrecks there. There we go. See, if
we had six growth set up and we use
petal dance, we would have just
completely destroyed their team.
And the problem that we have here is
that we do not out speed
all of Koga's Venonats.
So, we should out speed, I believe, the
first Venonat. Or is it a speed tie?
Let's see. Let's see. Sorry.
I do not remember.
Oh yeah, we're in a speed tie with this
one. Okay.
Five.
Six.
Now tackle does that much.
Petal dance does that much. Yeah. So, we
do want to use petal dance here.
Hey, we just tackle that one. Psychic
doesn't do too much.
We can go growth and petal dance is
about a three hitter there.
And leech life wrecks us. Okay.
So, step one is to put that one to
sleep.
Now it's speed tie, so it's just 50/50
who will go first on each turn, but
toxic will never damage us.
So,
this is petal dance all the way.
Okay, we knocked that one out.
Okay.
We basically got wrecked there.
Feel.
I think we'll get a good idea of whether
or not this one's possible just right
here.
The Sandslash will only use poison
sting,
which is perfectly fine.
This one really comes more down to
surviving
special attacks from everything else.
So, this is a spot where I actually
think we might
be best off to just tackle on this one,
cuz we don't want to be confused when we
get to
Ninetales here.
Well, here I think we Okay.
We did manage to knock that one out.
Okay, so we're probably best off to just
use petal dance after we set up here.
So, we're going to just put him to
sleep.
Now growth
six times.
Now we can go pedal dance. Pedal dance
will wreck there. Pedal dance is doing
decently good there, but we got a
critical hit from him.
Okay, growth, growth, growth,
growth.
Growth, growth.
Now pedal dance.
Critical hit pedal dance was bad.
Okay, and sleep powder missed.
Okay.
1 2 3 4
Okay, that's a one hitter now.
This will be a one hitter.
This will be
about a two hitter.
Okay, we do have one rare candy to use
here.
And just a second because if we use two
rare candies cuz we can get one more by
going to the Safari Zone.
We've already beaten Erica, so we can
get
access to the gold teeth.
Then
we should be able to outrun speed all of
the Venonats on Koga's team.
And then it will be at least theory
possible to put them all to sleep and
then knock them out
while they're sleeping.
What's our speed stat now?
Oh, it's 55.
So we will be in a speed tie with the
third Venonat, but we will outrun speed
the first and second Venonats now.
Let's see how it goes if we have this
set up.
So, we're going to save right here.
And now, we are guaranteed outspeed, so
we put that one to sleep. We're going to
start setting up our growths. X Attack
doesn't matter to us at all.
And the goal here is actually to keep
these Venonats asleep and knock them out
with Tackle.
Come on, Sleep Powder has to hit though.
He has to stay asleep for more than one
turn.
Tackle actually has to hit, too.
Okay.
Okay, we managed to take that one down.
And this is the speed tie Venonat.
Okay, so we are two Venomoths. We put it
to sleep.
We're not doing a ton of damage with
Petal Dance, but I think it's more than
we were doing with Tackle. Let's try
this again.
Here, we just really need these Venonats
to stay asleep
for enough turns that we can get our
setup off.
There.
This one's like a four-hitter
with Tackle.
This one's probably a four- or
five-hitter with Tackle.
Okay, goes down. Nice.
We put this Venonat to sleep.
Okay, we get it back to sleep. We've
taken one psychic from it.
Which is not terrible.
And there we take that one down. Okay.
We're two Venomoth.
Okay, you use toxic, which is good.
Here, I'm just trying to time out when
it's going to wake up.
And there we go. Okay, we get through
Koga. Nice, nice. Okay. So, Koga's down.
Which means we get a badge boost in
speed. We now have 61 speed.
So, the strategy now is probably just to
knock out Sandslash quickly.
And
then
hopefully do our setup on the second
Pokémon.
So, there
Yeah.
Hey, we just couldn't land Ember there.
Okay, we knocked that one out. That's
good.
Okay, and now we get to put this one to
sleep.
Here, I'm intentionally just tackling
this one down.
Here, now we can finish our setup here.
Oh, we get the burn. Are you kidding me?
Come on.
So, we knocked that one out in two hits.
One hit there, two hits there.
But, we put Magneton to sleep now.
And now we're able to start setting up
all of our growths.
A
There we take down Ninetales.
Now, we can just go into Petal Dance and
wreck the rest of his team.
And now Solar Beam.
I'm going to learn Solar Beam over
Tackle.
With the logic being that between Sleep
Powder, Growth, and Solar Beam, we
should be able to wreck everything.
And Petal Dance just gives us more
PP for attacking, basically. Tackle's
not going to be that useful against
anything from here on out. I think Solar
Beam's going to do the job.
So, now into Giovanni's team.
Not too scary, I don't think.
We're going to just set up all of our
growths.
Here on the Nidorino.
Even if it does attack, it's only going
to use Poison Sting, so it's not too
scary.
Here, I'm just going to go Petal Dance
on this one.
Petal Dance wrecks there, wrecks there.
And wrecks there. There we go.
So, we get through his whole team.
Now, we're reaching the point where I
think we're starting to cruise through
this. Now, Sabrina and
uh Blaine are going to be hard, but we
got to keep in mind that once we get
through Giovanni, we're not going to
have to deal with disobedience anymore.
But, we want to fight Sabrina here cuz
we're getting really close to level 50.
Sabrina will extend up to level 70 that
opponent or that our Bulbasaur will be
obedient.
Which is why this is now an incredibly
important fight.
She X Defense turn one which is amazing
for us.
Cuz that means that we can start our
setup without getting flashed as many
times.
Okay, but now we are getting kind of
wrecked here.
So we're aiming for a Solar Beam to hit.
Come on.
We've basically taken all of the
accuracy drops. So now I think we just
have to go ham and just hope that Solar
Beam will hit. Oh, that one hits there.
Uses reflect.
Okay, we get wrecked on the first one.
What we need is for her to use an X
Defend turn one.
And then allow us to set up our growth.
Here where instead we got
X Defend several turns later, but at
least
we're able to get through that with only
one accuracy drop.
In this case I think we can
go for
Come on. Come on. Okay, goes back to
sleep.
Okay, now Solar Beam wrecks.
And we survive psychic. We put Alakazam
to sleep.
Solar Beam critical hit. Okay, okay,
there we go. There we go. We have gotten
through Sabrina at exactly level 50.
But now we have 20 more levels before
we're going to have to worry about
anything.
Like if you come from the Scott's
thoughts school of thought where you're
like, uh, you know, only use the
boosting moves when they
would actually make sense in future
gens, well,
here
I mean, why would we never ever not use
growth in a battle? Think about it. If
the opponents are going to use any
special type moves, we should use
growth. If we're going to use a special
type move to attack them, we should use
growth. So, it's not just setting up the
badge boost, like it's it's completely
part of normal strategy.
Here, flamethrower wrecks us, but that's
fine. He He attacks randomly. He does
not have smart AI,
which means we can put him to sleep,
now start setting up.
Okay, we're no longer confused, thank
god.
And we're now out speeding.
And I'm going to take in sunlight, and
that is not quite quite a one hitter.
Okay.
Oh, no, here we leveled up.
That's bad.
Okay.
So, this is a spot where we have to down
one rare candy.
Okay, let's try this again.
So, sleep powder into growth.
Four,
five, six.
Stays asleep.
Now, we can put him back to sleep and
set up our next solar beam. Cool.
Take in sunlight. Not quite a one hitter
here, but he's still asleep, so that's
fine.
And now Arcanine stays asleep. Oh, he
woke up.
But, he just used reflect. Nice.
And we win nice. Level 52 now. We have
gone through Blaine.
Oh, man.
Now, it's worth noting we would be below
level 50 still. We'd be in the 40s
normally. The reason why we're at level
52 here is partially because we've used
rare candies and partially because of
our faster level up
rate. Now, into this one here.
We must must must put this Dugtrio to
sleep. It can be messed with Fissure. He
can use a guard spec.
Either is really fine.
We just need him
to not hit us
multiple times basically.
Hey, now we out speed. I'm going to
Solar Beam here.
I'm trying to avoid confusion.
Okay.
That changes my opinion a little bit. I
think now we just go for Petal Dance.
And we're kind of hoping for just like
that. Yes.
Now, here's the thing.
The Nidos here will never actually
damage us.
So, we just need to snap out of
confusion.
Okay.
Now, we can just Solar Beam there.
We can Solar Beam there.
And now on the Rhydon, Petal Dance.
And we win.
Basically, the only two Pokémon on
Giovanni's team that will ever actually
attack us
or there are three Pokémon that will
attack us, the Dugtrio, the Persian, and
the Rhydon.
But, because we have a four times super
effective move
against Rhydon and we've got growth set
up. We know we're going to knock it out
and it doesn't have great specials, so
that that's a guaranteed one hit every
time.
So, really we just have to knock out
Dugtrio and Persian with these grass
types and we're guaranteed
to basically win the rest of the fight
as long as we have a move to knock out
Rhydon.
Okay.
So, we're on 136
resets so far.
Now, it's time to take on Rival 6. This
has taken quite a while, but
I think this run is just so
so flipping amazing, guys.
Okay, so I'm going to go growth here
a bunch of times.
And now we're going to go solar beam
here.
So, now his execute comes out. We're
going solar beam strats on this one.
Nice.
We've leveled up, but we still out speed
Magneton, so solar beam.
Ninetales will out speed us, but
solar beam does wreck.
Kadabra goes reflect, which is nice.
Solar beam.
And now Vaporeon, I'm just going pedal
dance and we take it down. Cool.
Rival 6 has gone down. We're moving on
to the Elite Four on minimum battles,
but with a Gen 2 trade back Bulbasaur.
This is so stupid.
And Okay, so we've dug out
and now it's just time to buy some full
restores
and get into the Elite Four, guys.
Let's do this.
Oh god.
Oh god. This has been such a journey
just getting here
with this Bulbasaur.
He respects me now.
So, here we're going to set up growth
first, of course.
Okay, he's still asleep. So, now I'm
going solar beam on that one.
We put Cloyster to sleep and as long as
we out speed, we can see
whether or not they're going to
out speed us effectively.
Here we've leveled up against Jynx
and sleep powder missed. Okay, so
Ah, man, I accidentally pressed A too
many times and
went into the fight.
But, this is probably okay. As long as
we get a better range on Dewgong.
Dewgong used Aurora Beam last time.
And if we can get a better range
against this one,
we're just going to put it to sleep and
then use solar beam. Put this one to
sleep. As long as it's fast asleep, we
know that it even if it wakes up the
next turn, we're going to one shot with
solar beam.
And psychic did decent damage, but
we can get through that. Now, we do
level up, but
ice punch doesn't do that much.
And we knocked that one out.
And now Lapras wakes up. Oh, rip.
Okay, yeah. So,
I was going to say before I accidentally
pressed A too many times that we should
level up here
to try to avoid the level up in this
fight.
Because then
in theory, at least, the theory
folks, is that we'll be able to out
speed. And as long as we out speed, like
I said, if they're asleep, we can just
use solar beam
comfortably.
And we missed twice with sleep powder
there. Rip.
That's a one in 16 chance to miss two
turns in a row with sleep powder, so
just bad luck, really.
Okay, this is a much better range on
Dugong cuz it can use rest and it's not
just because she has smart AI. Her AI's
actually changed. She'll randomize
between her moves a little bit.
But, of course, we can also say
definitively that
rest she thinks would be a good move
against uh
Bulbasaur. Okay.
We lost our badge boost. We leveled up
here, but
Lapras missed with Blizzard. We put it
to sleep and we were able to hit it with
solar beam, meaning that we get through
that
safely.
Now, it's on to Bruno
where this is kind of hard cuz we have
to manage our levels a little bit more
because
we can't control the fact that we're
going to level up a lot more in these.
Okay.
Here, I'm just going to solar beam down
this Onix.
We're going to put Hitmonchan to sleep.
I'm just going to solar beam this one
down
as well. And now, I think I'm just going
to pedal dance the rest of the way.
Oh, we were outsped because we
Oh, but we took down Machamp. Okay. We
were outsped because we leveled up. So,
the Onix outsped us and hit us with a
pretty strong earthquake, but we were
able to knock out the Machamp with only
one hit. And fortunately, Machamp is not
fast, so
that worked.
So, now we definitely need to
either I think we need to PP up in sleep
powder.
I think we need to PP up in solar beam.
We're going to put two into solar beam
and one into Sleep Powder. Okay.
So, here, Agatha time.
Here's my strategy. I'm going to start
off by putting this
Gengar to sleep.
Going to set up Growth here first.
See.
The problem is that we're not fast
enough to out speed.
But, that's okay. We really just need to
Okay, we knocked that one out. Now,
we've leveled up. And this was kind of
part of my plan.
Oh, man, but we're hitting ourselves in
confusion so much. Okay, now I want to
finish my Growth set up, but it's all
kind of a moot point when
she uh
does like that. Okay, but now we can
Okay, use Dream Eater.
Okay,
and we hit ourselves in confusion and we
lose. Okay.
Okay, we knocked that one out.
Okay, we're going for Petal Dance here.
And we take down Agatha. There we go.
There we go. Okay, 142 resets so far.
It's not terrible.
I am going to rare candy once here
before Lance. We're at level 61, which
is a pretty typical level for a Pokémon
to be
at the end of the game.
And yeah, we're going to make sure to
elixir.
Let's see.
Here, I'm going to drop an ether
into solar beam as well. Okay, we're
still on minimum battles.
Let's get into the Lance fight.
Where the strategy here is definitely to
put Gyarados to sleep and start setting
up
growths like crazy here.
Okay, hyper beam hurts.
But now we can go solar beam and that
should one-shot.
Now we should be able to put Dragonair
to sleep and as long as it stays asleep,
that should be a one-shot.
That should also be a one-shot. Now
Aerodactyl still out speeds us. Okay.
Even with all of the badge boosts,
Aerodactyl will out speed.
Sleep.
Solar beam.
Nope, we still level up here.
Okay.
And now we're able to knock out the
Dragonite though. There we go. There we
go. There we go. Cool. Cool. Cool. Now
we're probably going to level up in this
one somewhere in this fight.
Um
but I'm going to go ahead and use one
rare candy here to try to delay that
level up as long as possible.
Back, let's make sure that we
max elixir here.
Okay.
All right, to the champion. 159 resets.
Can we get through this one
without any
nonsense?
Fortunately for us, Sandslash is just
going to
spam
poison sting.
Meaning we can just do all of our setup
here and solar beam it down. We should
outspeed Alakazam and solar beam that
one down. We should outspeed the
Exeggutor.
So, it's just a matter of can we get the
the hits?
Okay.
We knock it out. Cool.
We're still fast enough to outspeed
Ninetales thanks to badge boosts.
So, we can knock that one out. I'm going
pedal dance. I'm going ham, guys. We've
leveled up, but that's a one-hitter. And
that's a one-hitter. There we go. We
have beaten the champion
at level 65
at the end.
That extra XP just kind of made us like
we were in the fast level up group cuz
this is the same level that Clefable
beat the entire game at. So, we're not
massively massively overleveled due to
having extra XP, but it was even that
extra XP gain was completely offset by
the fact that we were getting absolutely
crushed by disobedience in the beginning
of the game. But, Bulbasaur does beat
the entire game zero EVs, minimal
battles, no TMs
with 159
resets.
But, it it it was possible with a Gen 2
tradeback Bulbasaur.
Easy? No. No, no, no, no, no. This was
pretty terrible at times. Um
everything up to Erika
was pretty rough, right? We got a little
bit of a repeat reprieve after Misty
before it just became terrible again.
And then Erika helped us out quite a
bit.
And then fortunately we never had to
deal with disobedience after that.
But
at least we can say Bulbasaur
beast of the game.
Zero EVs, minimal battles
no TMs as long as you trade it back from
Gen 2.
Oh god.
Bulbasaur was in the A tier.
We're going to try to get it into the S
tier today.
Here's how we're going to do it. We're
going to take optional battles before
Brock in order to make his battle more
consistent without needing pedal dance.
Then we are going to get an extra rare
candy and body slam on the SS Anne.
Then we're going to try to add swords
dance and see if that's enough in order
to beat the entire game without any more
optional battles or any more TMs. That's
So now we are going to get onto the SS
Anne where our strategy is really really
simple.
We're going to start off by getting body
slam.
We can't learn something like hyper beam
so body slam really is the best normal
type attacking move that we can get in
this run.
And we want to get body slam first
because we're going to use it
on the
old man that we're going to fight
downstairs. So here let's go ahead and
fight this old man first with body slam.
We paralyze the Growlithe, that was
nice. And we paralyze Ponyta so we only
took one Ember
and we get that extra rare candy.
So now I'm going to heal up
and I'm going to get into the fight with
rival three.
Where I think the strat is body slam,
body slam
razor leaf here is probably the play.
Razor leaf is probably the play right
here, too.
Come on. We're being sand attacked into
oblivion. No.
Oh, we finally managed to hit the
Razorleaf.
So, we can get through. That was
ridiculous, guys. Ridiculous. And get
Swords Dance. And I'm going to learn
Swords Dance right now.
I'm going to learn it
over Razorleaf.
I think this is the play, guys.
Let's see. We get Solar Beam at level
48.
And I don't think we actually need
a grass type move.
So, instead, I'm just going to use these
Rare Candies. I'm going to learn Sleep
Powder over Vine Whip.
Cuz there are just so few cases where I
think
Vine Whip is actually useful here.
Solar Beam will be useful in the late
game, though.
So, here I'm going to go Sleep Powder,
Swords Dance,
Swords Dance, Swords Dance.
Body Slam, Body Slam.
Okay, Body Slam, Body Slam.
Let's put this one to sleep. We actually
should set up a bunch of Growths, too.
Six. Okay.
Okay, so we get knocked out on that one,
but I think I made a mistake
by not using
by not setting up Growth early on.
Okay.
So, now
we're going to drop one more Rare Candy.
And that means that we'll at least
outspeed the first Venonat.
But basically, we need to set up Swords
Dance first, and then we're setting up
Growth after that to get badge boosts
and attack on top of our attack stat.
This is
probably going to have us one-shotting
these
Venonats.
Like now there's no point trying to put
them to sleep.
So, we are going to try to put Venomoth
to sleep.
And we can see, oh, we just one-shot it
because we had Swords Dance plus badge
boost on top of it. We had such a
massive attack stat there
that we were able to just completely
crush. And now with a badge boost in
speed,
we're still not fast enough to outspeed
anything on
Rival 5's team.
But,
we at least can badge boost up our speed
here.
And if we have trouble here, let's just
see.
We're probably going to level up
somewhere in this fight, so
we're going to start by putting this
Sandslash to sleep.
And now I'm going to start setting up my
Swords Dances.
Now I'm going to set up Growth.
And now we should be like one-shotting
pretty much everything.
Oh, but we got confused and we knocked
ourselves out. That was stupid. Come on.
That was really bad luck there.
Okay, so now we're setting up Growth on
top.
Nope, go back to sleep.
Come on. Come on. Sandslash, stay
asleep.
And now we can one shot one shot. We
level up, but the non-critical hit is
fine.
Oh, and we he keeps getting confused
confusion status on us with confusion.
That is so lucky. That's only a 10%
chance to happen.
Oh, man, and now I'm messing up because
I'm so frustrated by that. Oh, this
The RNG gods, guys.
They hate RBY Pokémon challenges.
Oh, and we get a critical hit there. Are
you kidding me? Come on. Come on.
Stop this critical hit nonsense.
Oh, god. At least we got the paralysis
there. Okay.
That was fine.
And we survived two Aurora Beams, so we
get through
that one.
Finally.
Dear god, we cannot catch a break, guys.
We cannot catch a break.
So now we're going to come up here.
We're going to take on
Sabrina.
We're hoping for an X Defense turn one.
Like that, but we missed with
Oh, god.
And she wouldn't stay asleep, too.
That's yeah, that's not what we need,
guys. Sorry.
Okay, this is a much more reasonable
set up so far.
Okay, now we out speed. Now I'm just
going to body slam that.
And psychic
still did really good damage to us.
Now I'm going to body slam there.
And let's just body slam and take her
down. There we go.
Okay.
So here, once again, we need Ninetales
to go to sleep
so that we can start setting up badge
boosts.
And let's finish our setup. Now body
slam. Body slam. Body slam is not a
one-hitter, but he uses reflect, so we
win.
Okay.
So 32 resets, we are through
all of these gyms. We have taken some
optional battles. We had to take quite a
few before Brocky boy.
Just to make this run reasonable.
But, hey. You know, we take what we get.
So here, I'm even going to pop my PPs
into Solar Beam right here.
Since it's going to be our only
attacking move from here on out.
So here,
unlike before where I was setting up
swords dance first, now I'm going to set
up
growth first.
Because now
this all comes down to the fact that we
just want to put them to sleep and then
hit them with Solar Beam.
Here now, these Pokémon are only going
to use Tail Whip on me.
Which essentially means I can just sit
here and wait for them to use all the
Tail Whips, so I get maximum badge
boosts.
And you can see how massive over there
on the left side, how massive my special
stat is now.
Which means that I just need to hit.
And in fact, we don't even need to put
these Nidos to sleep.
We'll put right on to sleep to be safe,
and there we go. One hitter.
Just massive one hitter right there.
And
this is really the strategy of the late
game.
Is that it's all about the badge boosts
because we can turn this Bulbasaur into
just an unstoppable
force
from here on out.
Like really, we just need to put that
one to sleep
and now start setting up all of our
growths.
And a lot of these fights now just come
down to sleep luck.
Like if we put them to sleep, we're
pretty much good to go.
So here Solar Beam will just one shot
there.
Solar Beam one shots there.
So the issue there was that we leveled
up.
So we're going to avoid that level up if
we can.
Three.
Four. Five.
Six.
One.
Two.
Now Solar Beam will wreck.
Solar Beam should wreck.
Okay.
We out speed Ninetales. Solar Beam
wrecks.
Cadabra's asleep. Solar Beam
doesn't quite knock it out in one hit.
Okay, but that's fine.
And Vaporeon's asleep.
And there we go.
So, we get through.
Rival six goes down
and it's on to the Elite Four on 34
resets up to this point.
In the In onward to Lorelei.
So, here we're hoping that she goes rest
and not Aurora Beam turn one.
She went Aurora Beam. Rip.
So, here I'm going to set up all of the
growths first.
Try to keep her asleep.
Now we'll go Swords Dance.
We missed, but she used rest. That's
fine. Now Solar Beam.
Okay, Cloyster goes to sleep. We can go
Solar Beam.
Slowbro goes to sleep. Once again, Solar
Beam.
We've leveled up on Jynx. Okay.
So, that's fine. We can get through that
as long as we don't take that Aurora
Beam
turn one from the Dewgong.
That's all we need.
Just Dewgong, don't Aurora Beam turn
one. It can use rest
here or two.
Here it uses Take Down. That's probably
fine.
Cuz now we can just badge boost up.
And now my new game plan is to just set
up growth here in this section.
And now we're going to try to put Jynx
to sleep.
Since we would lose badge boost here
anyway.
But we missed with two sleep powders in
a row.
Hey there, it went for rest turn one.
That's what we wanted to see from
Dewgong.
So we put it back to sleep and now solar
beam. Nice.
Hey, sleep powder missed once, but
that's fine.
We survived just fine and we get a
critical hit psychic from a Slowbro
with its terribly low critical hit rate.
Oh man.
We just can't catch a break with this
Bulbasaur, man.
Okay, so now we've got all the growth
set up. Now that's a one hitter.
And you got to keep in mind growth is
both offensive and defensive here. It's
also making us stronger against all of
her ice type attacks.
Okay, so now we can survive. Now I'm
going to set up swords dance to get
badge boosts.
Now I'm going to take in sunlight and
just one shot
and blizzard
did a lot, but
we're able to get through the Lapras.
There we go.
So 39 resets and we are on to Bruno.
Hopefully should not be too hard.
So let's get into this and find out.
Um
I'm going to put his Onix to sleep and
start setting up growth right here.
We're fast enough now after two badge
boosts out speed. He uses X defend.
That's nice.
Hey.
Rock Slide doesn't do that much,
fortunately, so we can just knock that
one out.
Hitmonchan can use Fire Punch, which is
why I prefer to just put it to sleep.
But I'm really just going to put
everything to sleep. I mean,
Hey, now we're going to set up our
Swords Dances
to out speed
and Solar Beam.
Any X Defend, that's just what we
needed. We were out of Sleep Powder, so
Oh, man.
We get through, fortunately. We get
through. Bruno.
Now I'm planning
Yeah.
I'm planning to level up right here
to minimize level ups in the middle of
Agatha because I want to keep all my
badge boosts as much as possible.
So, let's see if we can get a good range
here.
Sleep can hit behind a substitute,
fortunately.
So, even though she uses substitute turn
one, that's actually a really good
result for us.
Hey, we put Golbat to sleep.
Hey.
So, now I'm going to set up Swords Dance
here.
Keep in mind Golbat's going to four
times resist our
Oh god, and it woke up and it got a
critical hit wing attack.
Uh but it's going to four times resist
solar beam, which is why we really
really want to just put that one to
sleep.
Okay, we put this one back to sleep.
Okay, it's not quite a one hitter there,
but
she super potions and we're able to take
her out the next turn.
Okay.
Oh man.
Okay, the non-crit does decently decent
damage there.
Okay.
And that's not a crit, nice.
So we take that one down
and here we are on the last Gengar
where it's not a one hitter, but it is a
two hitter.
And we take down Agatha and we level up
right there on the last Gengar, so that
was pretty good.
That's about the best we could ever hope
for.
Okay, and it looks like we've got all
the PP restored.
So I'm just going to
get into this one now. We have to have
170 speed
in order to out speed the
Aerodactyl. So we're going to need a lot
of badge boosts here.
And Hyper Beam critical hit just wrecks
us turn one, rip. So we're on 41 resets
so far.
Leer isn't terrible
as long as we can get enough speed.
In fact, Leer strats were part of the
last run
that we did.
A
A now we've set up all of the badge
boosts
and we do have enough speed out speed
Aerodactyl.
So now we have to put the Dragonairs to
sleep
and then one drag or one solar beam will
wreck them.
Now we need to put Aerodactyl to sleep.
It gets a critical hit fly.
Rip.
Oh man, this
this run
Okay, we can go growth, growth, growth,
growth,
growth, growth,
swords dance,
Okay, swords dance, swords dance.
So just off of our own setup without any
leers we're able to get through. Last
time I erased swords dance for sleep
powder and I kept body slam as a
coverage move,
but since we're going all in on solar
beam this time,
we have enough badge boosts to just
badge boost ourselves to the point that
we can get through Aerodactyl.
Non-crit is good.
A
But now we've leveled up on the
Dragonite. So
Okay, Aerodactyl's asleep. No crit,
nice.
Dragonite's asleep.
Still looks like it's a three-hit KO
range here.
He hyper potions.
Fire blast did decent damage there, but
now he only uses one hyper potion per
Pokémon, so we get through that section
nice.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
We've made it
to the champion.
47 resets
and a bunch of optional battles. We've
got about
11 optional battles at this point.
So,
plus our two TMs, we are very much on
the cusp of S-tier.
We need
good luck here.
Okay? That's what we need, folks. We
need good luck
in order to get S-tier.
And even then, like, let's just think
about this. We've got two TMs.
So, that's 6.7 plus 11
optional battles.
10 would be 2.5.
2.75 points there.
Yeah, we're we're really on the cusp.
Okay, we've got to get the luck right
here to make low S-tier.
Otherwise,
we get wrecked. So, here I'm putting
Sandslash to sleep.
I'm going to set up all of the growth.
Going to set up sword stance here as
well
because I mean, it is going to just use
poison sting if it does wake up.
And here, solar beam one-shot.
Put this one to sleep.
Solar beam one-shots.
We get put to sleep by Exeggutor,
though, and this is bad. This is bad.
Oh, critical hit. Are you kidding me?
Come on.
Uh, every time the Exeggutor kills me
with the crit, guys.
Come on.
Give me the luck.
Don't make me have like 500 resets here,
please.
Hey.
We're so close to getting our setup
done.
So now solar beam.
Oh, we get Kinesis from Alakazam. No.
Oh, we get wrecked.
The accuracy drops, guys. The accuracy
drops.
Mhm.
Like this is the issue is that
of course
sleep powder is only
75% accurate.
Hey, we miss and we get psychic.
We'll just set up one more
growth there.
Oh, and we get put to sleep by Executor.
No.
Hey, it's asleep now.
Uh and it looks like it's a two-hitter
here.
Oh, man. I'm misclicking now.
We just can't get the luck here. Come
on.
We have such a massive special stat now,
though.
But, we get critical hit psychic, and we
get wrecked.
Come on.
Okay, he wakes up, but we put him back
to sleep. Good.
Solar Beam one shots.
Alakazam's asleep. Solar Beam one shots.
Exeggutor's asleep. Solar Beam.
And Solar Beam. Nice. Ninetales.
Uh, Fire Spin. No.
Come on. Come on. No. Critical hit Fire
Spin. Are you kidding me?
No.
He just refused to stay asleep. Come on.
We just need you guys to sleep. That's
all I need you to do. Revives.
Champion.
Calms.
Just just stay asleep, man.
You you you're sleepy. You're very
sleepy.
Where's Hypno when I need him?
Okay. Solar Beam wrecks there.
Okay, Solar Beam there. The reason why
I'm trying to put all these Pokémon to
sleep, I'm trying to put Alakazam to
sleep to prevent Kinesis. I'm trying to
put Exeggutor to sleep to stop Hypnosis.
I'm trying to put Ninetales to sleep to
stop Fire Spin.
And we get Swift.
Ah.
We're all the way at Magneton.
We could have just taken that one down.
The Pokémon gods are like, "Bulbasaur's
not supposed to be S tier."
Make sure that it's down on the tier
list, way down.
Hey, we can wreck that one.
Okay.
Exeggutor's asleep, nice.
Woke up, but we put it back to sleep,
nice.
Okay.
Uh, fire spin, come on.
Okay, fire spin missed, but he
immediately woke up. Okay.
Now we got him. Okay, Ninetales goes
down.
This is our last sleep powder.
We take down Magneton.
And now it's Aurora Beam or Mist that
it's going to use, and we just have to
hope not to get a crit.
Oh, there we go. There we go. 53 resets,
but we did beat the game
with Bulbasaur.
Oh, man.
With two TMs and with 11 optional
battles.
I got to see this on the tier list. I
got to see how this actually puts us on
this one.
There it is.
Guys,
Bulbasaur
finishes with an 89.95.
If it literally had a one fewer reset,
it would have gotten a 90.
Oh god.
Oh, the RNG gods.
I mean
it's a little sad that Bulbasaur ends
right there. So close to the S tier, but
not S tier.
But I think it's fair.
When you think about this, like
Bulbasaur, unlike Ivysaur, has far
bigger struggles in the early game,
meaning that it needs more optional
battles just to get through to Cerulean
decently.
And then
for a lot of the run
it's so luck based. It's so based on
getting sleep on your opponent.
Whether you're doing minimum battles or
you're doing optional battles, it
doesn't really make too much difference.
In a lot of cases, I mean, you'd have to
over level way more than this
to be able to
knock out opponents
within a few hits and make this like,
you know, one or two hit ranges on
opponents.
And
you know, you might argue for mega drain
strats, but
I mean
you're still going to be trying to put
opponents to sleep so that you can set
up your
your your growths. Right? Because
Lance is going to wreck you if you don't
set up
growth.
His Dragonite has
you know, fire blast and blizzard. His
second Dragonair has ice beam.
Everything else has hyper beam.
The Aerodactyl has fly. Like, you're
going to get wrecked there if you don't
put things to sleep and badge boost in
order to out speed. You're just not
going to get through that at a decent
level.
And
I mean, Blaine's going to be hard.
Lorelei will be hard if you don't put
her to sleep and get all your set up.
You You saw when we get Aurora Beam,
that's basically the end of the fight.
Because everything has a super effective
move against a grass poison type. Even
the Slowbro can hit you with psychic.
So,
I think this is fair.
Let's answer the question that's on
everybody's mind.
It's on my mind.
How will we do here against
Mewtwo? And
just for some extra challenge,
let's take away all of our badges.
That's right. Let's see if a disobedient
Gen 2 Bulbasaur can beat Mewtwo and how
many attempts it's going to take.
Oh, this is stupid. I shouldn't do this.
I should not do this, but I think it's
hilarious.
Um
God.
Oh, God.
So,
we're going to surf over here. We're
going to go
kind of sit next to Mewtwo here for just
a minute.
Don't Don't worry. Everything Everything
is exactly as it's supposed to be.
But what would happen
if our protagonist happened to drop all
of his badges right here?
Okay.
Badges
and uh we're going to change
to zero.
And now we're going to lock that.
We're going to lock all the bits.
So, Bulbasaur, we have no badges, which
means no badge boost as well.
But it also means he's going to be a
disobedient little sucker.
Let's see how he does against Mewtwo.
And he turned away.
He got wrecked.
Oh god.
He hit himself in confusion.
Even though he wasn't confused. He just
hit himself. He's like, I I'm so angry
at you for trying to give me orders that
I'm going to hit myself.
Knock myself out.
We have yet to
actually use any moves against this
Mewtwo.
He's He's just refusing to obey
completely. He's
What the hell are you thinking you're
doing making me? I'm only level 65. I'm
a Bulbasaur. What are you making me do
fight this Mewtwo?
Oh, we took in sunlight. Oh.
And we went to sleep. Oh, rip.
Oh god.
This Bulbasaur, he ain't having it.
Guys, he ain't having it at all.
Now, I'm not sure, but I think that even
as you go through the game and you get
more badges, the Pokémon becomes
slightly more obedient as you go through
as you get more and more badges. It will
be a little bit less of a troll.
And he's just like, I'm going to use
growth instead. I don't want to put
Mewtwo to sleep.
Oh god.
Will you solar beam? Oh, we finally put
Mewtwo to sleep. Yes. Yes.
And we get wrecked. Okay. So, that's
clearly not good.
Let's try it with all our badges turned
back on.
Okay, there we are.
Once again, I has badges.
So, with badges, we're able to put
Mewtwo to sleep. We're going to start
setting up growth.
Solar Beam.
Naughty one shot and we get wrecked. Oh
god.
Should have gone for uh pedal dance
there, I think, at that point.
But, yeah, if we get the turn one
psychic, we just get wrecked.
And even without a turn one psychic, we
can get wrecked.
Okay, he uses recover at full health.
That's nice.
Okay.
He uses barrier and now we can go pedal
dance. And there, finally,
at level 65, needing our badges,
we were able to beat Mewtwo.
That is hilarious.
I enjoyed that.
That was That was a stupid run, but I
really really really enjoyed that.
Everything up to Erica with the
disobedience was just hilarious to me.
I might have to do a full game run of
just traded Pokémon,
intentionally trying to have
disobedience as much as possible.
That might be my April Fools. I have
like a Mewtwo, level 100, but he's
disobedient, and I have no badges the
entire game.
So, he'll always just be disobedient and
see how many resets it takes to beat the
game when you have a level 100 Mewtwo
with all the TMs, all the TMs. We're
going to give it Blizzard, Thunderbolt,
um
course or what what should we give it?
We give it psychic
psychic amnesia
recover or obvious. But I mean we could
go barrier for badge boost.
But I'm just saying we we'll run that
one and
just see it get completely wrecked over
and over again. Like how many resets
does it take to beat Brock with a
disobedient level 100 Mewtwo?
How many resets does it take to beat the
game with a disobedient level 100
Mewtwo?
Oh god.
Anyway,
that does it for Bulbasaur. He does beat
the game. He is low A-tier with 100 and
what was it? Like nearly 100 and 60 170
resets. I'll I'll have to go back and
check the footage. But
anyway, that does it for this one. Hope
you guys enjoyed. See you in the next
one. Later.